- [Instructor] One benefit of the asynchronous model
is that your hands aren't tied into a particular pattern
and hybrids are a very real possibility.
The fact that you are not tied
makes the hybrid event driven system not only possible,
but highly efficient.
This is actually how my GDPR workflow was built
that I discussed earlier.
In this model, you still have a centralized
command and control structure for your system as a whole,
but when the need arises, you can dispatch
choreographed events to remote systems.
They in turn can either stay choreographed or convert back
to an internal command and control structure.
Work gets done, and if you do it right,
the original command and control
knows when everything is finished,
either directly in line or via some other polling mechanism.
Again, this is a system I have built
and is highly efficient at what it does.
The centralized command and control
directs all traffic internally to the system of record,
but also kicks off choreographed workloads
in remote systems.
In the end, the remote system is responsible in some way
to alert the centralized command and control structure
that it is finished.
You can get a good mix of benefits here.
No matter which event model you choose,
be it choreographed, orchestrated, or a hybrid approach,
contracts between your systems
via the message broker are key.
The contract must be well documented.
There is no room for error
when you have disjointed processes,
mainly because you don't need help
making things more complex.
A well-documented contract of the message
will help to alleviate this concern.
The contract must be passive to change.
Changes can and do happen,
but they must not break downstream or upstream systems
in the process.
This applies to all software engineering in my mind.
However, in the asynchronous world,
it becomes a much bigger deal, in my opinion.
Contracts must be enforced rigorously.
In order to be resistant to change
and efficient in your processing,
you must read the contract and honor it.
Furthermore, should you find a breaking change
in how your component is called,
you need to send it to the DLQ quickly and efficiently
to trigger alerting.
If you are passive to contracts,
the error may get lost.